[16.0][ADD] portal_sale_order_search: Add new module (#3830)
OCA/sale-workflow: portal_sale_order_search/README.rst

   !! source digest: sha256:f00d47153ebeebd432aa7d1f3b508cba75c71abcf582448b609dc372efe996ed
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/portal_sale_order_search
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-portal_sale_order_search
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

> This enable the portal search feature for orders and quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module enables the portal search feature for sales orders and quotations.
```

Author: <img width="292" height="107" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/254d94e4-5f30-402c-a9e3-597dbc66c9c6" />

Author: Done
